Add Ollama (#646)
jupyterlab/jupyter-ai: docs/source/users/index.md

during usage. Our team is still actively improving support for locally-hosted
models.

### Ollama usage

To get started, follow the instructions on the [Ollama website](https://ollama.com/) to set up `ollama` and download the models locally. To select a model, enter the model name in the settings panel, for example `deepseek-coder-v2`.

> 

Reviewer: Suggest adding a few more notes to the docs as follows:

Once `Ollama` is installed, download the model using the following command in a terminal:
```
ollama pull <model_name>
``` 
For example: `ollama pull llama3`. Do this for both LLM models and embedding models, as many as needed. 

Once the models are downloaded, start up the `Ollama` server:
```
ollama serve
```

The models will then be available in `jupyter-ai`.

Reviewer 2: Good suggestion, but wouldn't block on this to merge. Also, this info can change based on `ollama` API, so we will be carrying instructions that are available in their docs and will have to update in case this changes.

Reviewer: @3coins Agree. I tested it again and it's all working so merging is predicated.

during usage. Our team is still actively improving support for locally-hosted
models.

> ### Ollama usage (early-stage)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Ollama usage
```

> Jupyter AI provides basic support for Ollama models.
> 
> To get started, follow the instructions on the [Ollama website](https://ollama.com/) to set up `ollama` and download the models locally. Currently Jupyter AI only supports the following models:
> 
> - `gemma`
> - `gemma2`
> - `llama2`,
> - `llama3`,
> - `llama3:70b`,
> - `phi3`,
> - `mistral`,
> - `tinyllama`,
> - `qwen2`,
> - `qwen2:7b`,
> - `qwen2:72b`,
> 
> :::{note}
> There are plans to make the list of Ollama models configurable in the future, so users can download more models available via Ollama.
> :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get started, follow the instructions on the [Ollama website](https://ollama.com/) to set up `ollama` and download the models locally. To select a model, enter the model name in the settings panel, for example `deepseek-coder-v2`.
```

Author: Ah yes that makes sense, thanks!
